Add docs for global memory control (#10908)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Note that if `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` and `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` have been set when a table is created, the specified number of Regions are evenly split after the table creation.

### tidb_server_memory_limit <span class="version-mark">New in v6.4.0</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Default value: 80%
- Range:
    - You can set the value in the percentage format, which means the percentage of the memory usage relative to the total memory. The value range is `[1%, 99%]`.
    - You can also set the value in memory size in bytes. The value range is `[0, 9223372036854775807]`. The memory format with the units "KB|MB|GB|TB" is supported. The `0` value means no memory limit.
- This variable specifies the memory limit for a TiDB instance. When the memory usage of TiDB reaches the limit, TiDB cancels the currently running SQL statement with the highest memory usage. After the SQL statement is successfully canceled, TiDB tries to call Golang GC to immediately reclaim memory to relieve memory stress as soon as possible.

> - Only SQL statements that use more memory than the `tidb_server_memory_limit_sess_min_size` limit are selected as the SQL statements to be canceled first.

Author: ```suggestion
- Only the SQL statements with more memory usage than the `tidb_server_memory_limit_sess_min_size` limit are selected as the SQL statements to be canceled first.
```

> - Only the SQL statements with more memory usage than the `tidb_server_memory_limit_sess_min_size` limit are selected as the SQL statements to be canceled first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only the SQL statements with more memory usage than the [`tidb_server_memory_limit_sess_min_size`](/system-variables.md#tidb_server_memory_limit_sess_min_size-new-in-v640) limit are selected as the SQL statements to be canceled first.
```

- Currently, TiDB cancels only one SQL statement at a time. After TiDB completely cancels a SQL statement and recovers resources, if the memory usage is still greater than the limit set by this variable, TiDB starts the next cancel operation.

### tidb_server_memory_limit_gc_trigger <span class="version-mark">New in v6.4.0</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Default value: `70%`
- Range: `[50%, 99%]`

> - The threshold at which TiDB tries to trigger GC. When the memory usage of TiDB reaches the value of `tidb_server_memory_limit` \* the value of `tidb_server_memory_limit_gc_trigger`, TiDB will actively trigger a Golang GC. Only one GC will be triggered in one minute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The threshold at which TiDB tries to trigger GC. When the memory usage of TiDB reaches the value of `tidb_server_memory_limit` \* the value of `tidb_server_memory_limit_gc_trigger`, TiDB will actively trigger a Golang GC. Only one GC operation will be triggered in one minute.
```

### tidb_server_memory_limit_sess_min_size <span class="version-mark">New in v6.4.0</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Default value: `134217728` (which is 128 MB)
- Range: `[128, 9223372036854775807]`, in bytes

> - After enabling the memory limit, TiDB will terminate the SQL statement with the highest memory usage on the current instance. This variable specifies the minimum memory usage of the SQL statement to be terminated. If the memory usage of a TiDB instance that exceeds the limit is caused by many sessions with low memory usage, you can properly lower the value of this variable for more sessions to be canceled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After enabling the memory limit, TiDB will terminate the SQL statement with the highest memory usage on the current instance. This variable specifies the minimum memory usage of the SQL statement to be terminated. If the memory usage of a TiDB instance that exceeds the limit is caused by many sessions with low memory usage, you can properly lower the value of this variable to allow more sessions to be canceled.
```

> - After enabling the memory limit, TiDB will terminate the SQL statement with the highest memory usage on the current instance. This variable specifies the minimum memory usage of the SQL statement to be terminated. If the memory usage of a TiDB instance that exceeds the limit is caused by too many sessions with low memory usage, you can properly lower the value of this variable to allow more sessions to be canceled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After you enable the memory limit, TiDB will terminate the SQL statement with the highest memory usage on the current instance. This variable specifies the minimum memory usage of the SQL statement to be terminated. If the memory usage of a TiDB instance that exceeds the limit is caused by too many sessions with low memory usage, you can properly lower the value of this variable to allow more sessions to be canceled.
```

- By default, Regions are split for a new table when it is being created in TiDB. After this variable is enabled, the newly split Regions are scattered immediately during the execution of the `CREATE TABLE` statement. This applies to the scenario where data need to be written in batches right after the tables are created in batches, because the newly split Regions can be scattered in TiKV beforehand and do not have to wait to be scheduled by PD. To ensure the continuous stability of writing data in batches, the `CREATE TABLE` statement returns success only after the Regions are successfully scattered. This makes the statement's execution time multiple times longer than that when you disable this variable.
- Note that if `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` and `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` have been set when a table is created, the specified number of Regions are evenly split after the table creation.

### tidb_server_memory_limit <span class="version-mark">New in v6.4.0</span>

> **Warning:**
>
> Currently, `tidb_server_memory_limit` is still experimental. It is not recommended to use it in the production environment.

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes

> - Default value: 80%

Reviewer 2: 0

> - Default value: 80%

Author: ```suggestion
- Default value: `0`
```
